go live now to Southern Lebanon our
Middle East correspondent Hugo Bea is
there for us and Hugo welcome to you the
situation there is also one that the
world is keeping its eye on because
there have been those rocket attacks
haven't there from your location into
Israel Hugo so tell us what's happening
there yes samanth and this morning we
had an announcement from the Israeli
authorities saying that they would be
evacuating villages in Northern Israel
uh next to the border with Lebanon 28 uh
communities to be evacuated we don't
know whether this is a mandatory or a
voluntary uh evacuation but the reality
is that most of the residents have uh
already left in some of those
communities my colleague uh Anna Foster
has been to some of those communities in
recent days and she said that most
people have left because of the violence
that's been happening that in that part
of the country and um one of those
communities is the community of Shula
where yesterday A man was killed the
first Israeli civilian to die as a
result of an attack carried out by
Hezbollah here in southern Lebanon and
uh this announcement came a day of of
intense exchange of fire between
militants here in Lebanon Hezbollah and
the Israeli military and I think uh in
the last few minutes we had some
reaction from a spokesperson for the
Israeli military saying that those
attacks yesterday attacks that were uh
carried out by Hezbollah happened uh
after Iran gave orders uh to the group
to carry out these attacks so this is
reaction from the uh Israeli Army a
spokesperson for the Israeli military
again showing how tense the situation uh
is along the uh Lebanese Israeli border
and obviously hasbalah is supported by
Iran uh and I think there's been a a lot
of pressure uh in recent days from
Western countries warning Iran against
escalating uh the situation here and uh
and the Iranian foreign minister has
been visiting some countries in the
region he was here in Lebanon uh where
he met the leader of Hezbollah uh Hassan
nzala and uh he also reacted to those
comments being made by Western leaders
saying that well if the United States
wants to prevent an escalation of the
conflict it should tell Israel to stop
uh the aggression in his words against
civilians in Gaza so again it shows how
volatile the situation is and I think
there are fears that Lebanon could uh
you know be dragged into this conflict
okay Hugo thank you very much for dating
us there from Southern
Lebanon